= ImageCrush

Reduce the size of PNG and JPEG files using the +pngcrush+ and +jpegtran+ tools,
as described at http://yuiblog.com/blog/2008/11/14/imageopt-3/

== Usage

The tools <b>+pngcrush+ and +jpegtran+ must be installed</b> on your system.

to get <b>+pngcrush+</b> on a mac with macports just do:
  sudo port install pngcrush
or on a system with apt (like ubuntu)
  apt-get install pngcrush
  apt-get install libjpeg-progs
  
This will help you install jpegtran from source for macs or Unix/linux
http://www.phpied.com/installing-jpegtran-mac-unix-linux/

Can be used with single files and with directories:

  require 'image_crush'
  ImageCrush('path/to/image.png')
  ImageCrush('path/to/image.jpg')
  ImageCrush('path/to/dir')

== Rake task for Rails

ImageCrush also comes with a handy rake task to be used with Ruby on Rails. To
use it, add the following line to your Rakefile:

  require 'image_crush'

Then, simply invoke the task with:

  rake crush

This will automatically traverse your public/images directory and reduce the
size of all PNG/JPEG files, including subdirectories.




== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Ryan Shaw. See LICENSE for details.
Copyright (c) 2008 Pablo Brasero Moreno. See LICENSE for further details.
